doc: Add internal logging doc (#467)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Extensions/Logging/HowTo-InternalLogging.md

    }
    ```

### 2. Set verbosity level of XAML logging

* There are multiple log levels that correspond to differing degrees of severity:

  - **Trace** : Used for parts of a method to capture a flow.
  - **Debug** : Used for diagnostics information.
  - **Information** : Used for general successful information. _Generally the default minimum._
  - **Warning** : Used for anything causing application oddities. It is automatically recoverable.
  - **Error** : Used for anything fatal to the current operation but not to the whole process. It is potentially recoverable.
  - **Critical** : Used for anything forcing a shutdown to prevent data loss or corruption. It is not recoverable.

* To increase the verbosity of the events recorded when using the development hosting environment, you can tweak the minimum levels as well as those for the XAML layout.

* Add a call for `UseLogging` to the `IHostBuilder` chain from above, and conditionally enable the recording of debug events depending on the hosting environment:

    ```csharp
    public App()
    {
        Host = UnoHost
            .CreateDefaultBuilder()
#if DEBUG
            .UseEnvironment(Environments.Development)
#endif

>             .UseLogging(configure:
>                 (context, services) =>
>                     services.SetMinimumLevel(
>                     context.HostingEnvironment.IsDevelopment() ?
>                         LogLevel.Trace :
>                         LogLevel.Error)
>                     )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            .UseLogging(configure: (context, services) => services.SetMinimumLevel(
                context.HostingEnvironment.IsDevelopment()
                    ? LogLevel.Trace
                    : LogLevel.Error
            ))
```

Reviewer 2: cc @lukeblevins

# How-To: Enable Internal Logging Based on Your Hosting Environment

> `Uno.Extensions.Logging` allows you to leverage logging capabilities tailored to your target platform to easily record events for XAML layout, Uno-internal messages, and custom events with severity and verbosity levels of your choice.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`Uno.Extensions.Logging` provides logging capabilities tailored to your target platform. It allows the recording of events for XAML layout, Uno-internal messages, and custom events with severity and verbosity levels of your choice.
```

> > [!Tip] This guide assumes your application has already opted into logging. To find out how to do this, refer to the tutorial [here](./HowTo-Logging.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> [!Tip] 
> This guide assumes your application has already opted into logging. To find out how to do this, refer to the tutorial [here](./HowTo-Logging.md)
```

## Step-by-steps

### 1. Enable Uno internal logging

* To log Uno-internal messages, invoke `EnableUnoLogging` on the `IHost` instance:

    ```csharp
    private IHost Host { get; }

    public App()
    {
        bool isDevelopment = false;

        Host = UnoHost
            .CreateDefaultBuilder()
            .UseLogging()
            .ConfigureServices((context, services) => {
                isDevelopment = context.HostingEnvironment.IsDevelopment();
            })
            .Build();

        if (isDevelopment)
        {
            Host.EnableUnoLogging();
        }
    }
    ```

### 2. Set verbosity level of XAML logging

> * There are multiple log levels which correspond to differing degrees of severity:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* There are multiple log levels that correspond to differing degrees of severity:
```

  - **Trace** : Used for parts of a method to capture a flow.
  - **Debug** : Used for diagnostics information.
  - **Information** : Used for general successful information. _Generally the default minimum._

>   - **Warning** : Used for anything that can potentially cause application oddities. Automatically recoverable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - **Warning** : Used for anything causing application oddities. It is automatically recoverable.
```

>   - **Error** : Used for anything that is fatal to the current operation but not to the whole process. Potentially recoverable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - **Error** : Used for anything fatal to the current operation but not to the whole process. It is potentially recoverable.
```

>   - **Critical** : Used for anything that is forcing a shutdown to prevent data loss or corruption. Not recoverable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - **Critical** : Used for anything forcing a shutdown to prevent data loss or corruption. It is not recoverable.
```

> * To increase verbosity of the events recorded when using the development hosting environment, you can tweak the minimum levels as well as those for XAML layout 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To increase the verbosity of the events recorded when using the development hosting environment, you can tweak the minimum levels as well as those for the XAML layout.
```

> * Add a call for `ConfigureLogging` to the `IHostBuilder` chain from above, and use the same technique to conditionally enable recording of debug events depending on the hosting environment:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add a call for `ConfigureLogging` to the `IHostBuilder` chain from above, and use the same technique to conditionally enable the recording of debug events depending on the hosting environment:
```
